Span support + minor bugfix for getExtent (#432)
alpaka-group/alpaka3: docs/source/basic/cheatsheet.rst

    :start-after: BEGIN-CHEATSHEET-memcpy
    :end-before: END-CHEATSHEET-memcpy
    :dedent:

> Allocate and copy from an existing buffer or view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allocate a buffer with the same extents from a std::span, std::vector or std::array
```
